[Music]
hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
for another video
and here is my quarantine morning
routine which starts at 5:00 a.m. which
is my normal wakeup time so that's
pretty fine I decided to keep getting up
early just to stay productive and kind
of keep myself in the university
headspace because I will have exams so
once I get up I just quickly brush my
teeth and then I wash my face and put on
some serum and then my normal face cream
in hopes of you know making my skin look
decent and I also get dressed in the
bathroom and then I get back into the
room and then I open my lamp and I don't
know how to say this differently I know
it sounds weird but just watch and it
will make sense so yeah basically you
can just pull my lamp open which i think
is great because it allows you to wake
up to a light which is you know not as
bright which is just a little easier on
your eyes and then I make my bed because
every wise I am way too tempted to just
you know crawl right back into it
especially when you are in quarantine
and you know you don't have to get up to
go for class and then I do my hair and I
just try to keep my hair out of the way
because I was planning to study it that
day so what I usually do is I just do
you know a pretty easy updo hairstyle if
you guys are interested in it I'm gonna
link a video where I did all my
five-minute University hairstyles so you
can find that one there as well but
basically it's just a bun and you know a
little bit of twisted hair and that's
pretty much it so yeah it just keeps
your hair out of the way and it looks
quite nice I think so that's what I'm
wearing and then I picked up my
jewellery because I'm a sucker for
jewelry and because I was wearing my
hair up I decided to wear some nice
earrings so I chose these ones which I
got it hmmm I quite like them I think it
was really really cute and they just
work with a lot of things and then I
also put on all my rings if you've
watched my ball to a while you know that
I usually wear a lot of frames I just
love them as accessories and now we also
get to the sponsor of today's video
which is nord green and they sent me
this amazing watch which I absolutely
loved I've been wearing it for the past
few weeks in my video
because it is just so great and I think
it works with almost everything which is
just amazing so yeah and you guys so
much for sending it to me and I will
tell you guys more about it later
and then I went back to the bathroom and
did my makeup so basically I just take a
little bit of all of these products and
throw it in my face and hopes of looking
a little more awake so here's what my
face looks like without makeup and
here's me with a lot more concealer
powder and highlighter and yet just
generally looking a little more weak and
then I took my vitamin D supplements
because I have it at Alette immediate
efficiency by the way this is something
you might want to discuss with your
doctor getting supplements while in
quarantine because you can't go out as
much so you might be lacking some things
I mean it can really help with mood
swings etc but I wouldn't recommend
doing it without talking to your doctor
and yep then I opened up all the windows
in my room just so you know getting some
fresh air and then I went to upstairs to
make myself some SuperDuper healthy
breakfast in the form of sugar pops
don't judge me okay I know what they are
not that healthy but they taste really
really good so that was my breakfast and
then I went back to ounces to my room
close the windows after 25 minutes of
leaving them open
it is super cold the remotes are doing
that but you can just turn on the heater
for about three five minutes and is warm
enough to stay in there and study by the
time I'm done with all of that is about
six ten in the morning so stuff quite a
bit of time until I stop my study with
me live streams so then I went to my
desk and read my morning briefing from
the New York Times this is a free
newsletter you can just sign up for it
and you get it delivered in the morning
to you in books every weekday it's super
useful they just you know summarize the
news for you which is amazing and then I
went through all my emails that always
stood in the morning so that it's done
and I usually get quite a bit of emails
so I just worked through all of them
whether it's university or YouTube
related or whatever so that you know I
can look at my inbox and it doesn't
stress me out
and I thought that would be a good time
to you know take a break from my
voiceover and introduce you to the
sponsor of today's video who sent me
this amazing watch thank you so much
North Green I really really appreciate
it
the reason I actually said yes to the
sponsorship what actually two things one
under which is a super suit stylish and
if you watch my videos for a while you
know that I love jewelry and I was
actually looking for a watch which is
very very nice and you know just looks
classy and fashionable but at the same
time you could wear it casually but also
with more formal outfits because that's
kind of what you need at Cambridge
because we have a lot of formal events
but then you also just want to you know
look relatively chill in class so I
think this watch really strikes a nice
balance between the two and that's why I
thought it would be a great match for my
wardrobe I mean any other reason why I
thought it would be a great thing to
promote to my subscribers was because
they have a giving back program and it's
a really really great program so here's
how it works
basically when you get your watch um you
have a serial number on the watch and
then you also get a certificate of
authenticity and there is an
identification number so you need those
two and then you just go to a website
put them in and then you can choose a
cause to which part of your purchase
price will go so if you end up buying
watch please please please use that
program it is so great that they have it
and there are some really really great
causes that you can support and it's
super easy like you let you just go to
their website and then here you can just
you know pick one of three causes so you
can help provide clean water to people
in the Central African Republic you can
help children in India get an education
or you can help protect the rainforest
in Latin America I can actually not make
it easier to you know do something good
for the world so please please please
use that program you also can get 20%
off the watches with the code Elena and
I'm gonna put the link in the info box
below is an affiliate link but yet you
can also get 20% off and it will turn to
15% after three days of posting this
video but that is still up so yeah
um but yeah I hope that you know some of
you maybe you will find a nice watch
there and yeah as you guys know I don't
do a lot of small ships so when I do
want is for a friend where I actually
think it's a really really good thing
and that you guys would benefit from
knowing about it and because if they're
giving back program and the amazing
designs that they have I think that is
something that some of people in my
audience might be interested in so yeah
if you guys want to know which watch I
exactly I'm wearing I'm gonna put off at
any of us below in case you're
interested in that particular watch so
yeah thank you so much to Nord green for
sponsoring this video and let's get back
to my morning and now we get to the part
of my morning which is basically behind
the scenes in the life of a youtuber so
here you can see me sitting at my desk
not actually setting it up for studying
but setting it up for taking pictures
for my thumbnail because I'm currently
doing live streams so I just need a
picture for the thumbnails to videos and
if you guys are interested in the live
streams they are happening every weekday
I'm gonna move the times in the infobox
below
and then just quickie turn a picture
into a little thumbnail nothing fancy
it's really just so that people know
what the live stream is about and then I
just airdrop that to my phone and then I
set up my normal tripod which I use for
vlogging but I just put on this other
thing so that I can put my phone on it
and yeah basically I teach myself how to
do live streams but I think it's working
out quite ok and then I just fill in all
the information that you should asks you
and once the live stream is set up I
just put it in the corner of my desk so
that you know people can start clicking
on the link and they can set themselves
a reminder and just so that I know this
is set up and then I take out all myself
for the things that I want to study
during the live stream and I usually
have quite a bit of time left so I just
you know do some work before that live
stream starts so that I already get
something done in the morning and yeah
basically that's just what I do until
it's about you know a few seconds until
the last you must go start and then I
just get everything in order
and yeah basically just click go live
and that's it so yeah that's what my
morning looks like during quarantine
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video have a nice day
bye
[Music]